[Autogenerated] Hi there.
Welcome this module in a designing hybrid address Networks calls.
My name is Mike Ground in this model.
Where than take a look at some of the hybrid network act actually
designed choices we have available to us in this multiple.
Well, then take a look at some of supporting services in AWS.
The will of sisters when we're designing implementing hybrid networks.
Well, take a look at DNS and name resolution in a hybrid network architecture.
We're gonna take a look at Route 53 Ruin policies on wagon
discussing Deploy Ed West Transit Gateway.
But let's start with DNS.
In a hybrid network architecture,
DNS is all about making sure that we can resolve names to i p
addresses in aws that name resolutions primarily provided by Ed
West s on route 50 free on premise.
You have most likely deployed your own Deanna systems
even the windows all the next based off.
For instance, when thinking about name is Lucien aws,
remember the easy to instances as well as being given a private I P
address and potentially a public I p address.
I've also given a private DNS name this private DNS name resolved to their
private i p address on his resolvable inside your vpc These names
resolvable because a dress DNS is enabled by default,
E c two instances could also be given publicly.
Result Will names.
To do this, we have to enable our VPC to provide publicly result full names E.
T.
C.
Two instances provided for an i P address of a DNS server by default.
This is age West, Dennis,
but you can provide details of your own Deanna serve if you wish.
It's worth noting as well that the air Due West DNS service also
allows public names on that next be resolved.
So 80 West DNS provides internal in public name resolution.
If you want to use your own dinner service,
perhaps the dealer service you've already got deployed on premise.
Then you need to change the date CP option set for the
VPC and configure it with the I P.
Address off your DNS service.
When working with name is Lieutenant de Bresse,
we might need toe resolve on premise names for inside our VPC on
resolve the names of easy to instances from on premise when
configuring name resolution between On Premise and Eddie grass
where Configuring hybrid DNS.
Historically,
the we haven't been able to query air due West Dennis directly from on premise,
the AWS DNS endpoint just rejects all queries that
haven't been generated from inside the VPC.
To get around this issue,
you can deploy resolve into your VPC We were then fold
requests one premise to that result for who would followed
them to the AWS DNS service.
Today we can use Route 53 resolve endpoints and rules to do the same job.
In this first scenario,
we've got headquarters invite on air due west on the left on
a site site VPN configured connecting the two we want
applications and services deployed.
It take you to be able to resolve fully qualified domain names.
Off results is deployed native west.
They're using 80 west DNs in headquarters.
Then we've got deployed DNS server.
I'm good deported DNS server into our vpc near digress.
These two DNs service concluded kill each other
because of the site site connection.
If our on premise client wants to resolve the name
of unaired us deployed results, HDs cradle good to the local DNS server.
The local DNS server will be configured with a forward A record to forward all
air do s name requests to the resolve er deployed in AWS.
In turn the result were deployed in AWS is configured to
forward all aid us Damon quests to 80 West D.
N s.
A Jew s DNS will accept this request because the result is deployed.
The VPC hope for little bit was all the name and it'll pass the
results back to our VPC deployed DNS server who in turn will pass
the results to our hit Q DNS server.
Who will then pass the queer results back to the client.
The client can then use the resolved i p address to
communicate with the Aid West deployed results.
The big downside fits scenario is that we have to management
in this re PC deployed DNS server just so that we can
communicate with the West DNs today.
Then, instead of deploying the extra DNS server,
we can configure Room 53 resolve records when you create this record
on elastic network interfaces deployed and connected to one of the
subjects inside your vpc On premise,
we would still have our internal DNS server that our clients and queries toe.
This time, when the DNS server gets a query to resolve an internal VPC name,
it will now fall that query to the Route 53 inbound.
Resolve the endpoint who will forward it onto the Route 53
inbound resolve record The inbound result of record will resolve
the internal name to an internal i p.
Address off one of your deployed instances on the result we passed
back when working with a route 53 resolver direct connect All VPN is
required So we've got a rude connection between on premise on data
breasts resolves of region specific.
So if we deploy resolve it to London,
it could be used to resolve the private DNS.
Names of instances deployed to London VP sees to configure inbound folding.
We create an inbound endpoint as part of its creation.
We're linking the results VPC we choose i p addresses
for the result for and ideally,
we choose to I p addresses in two different availability zones
and we configure it was over secure agree,
which helps us control access to the result.
For finally,
make sure you configure the appropriate folders record on your on premise.
DNS servers will need a folder record for each internal demand that we want to forward to our inbound endpoint